---
published: true
title: The Chewy
layout: post
categories: [Cookies]
rating: 1
---
### Servings
24

### Ingredients
- 8 ounces unsalted butter
- 12 ounces bread flour
- 1 teaspoon kosher salt
- 1 teaspoon baking soda
- 2 ounces granulated sugar
- 8 ounces light brown sugar
- 1 large egg
- 1 large egg yolk
- 1 ounce whole milk
- 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
- 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips


### Directions
1. Melt the butter in a 2-quart saucepan over low heat.
2. Set aside to cool slightly.
3. Sift together the flour, salt and baking soda onto a
4. paper plate. Pour the butter into your stand mixer's
5. work bowl. Add the sugar and brown sugar and beat
6. with the paddle attachment on medium speed for
7. 2 minutes.
8. Meanwhile, whisk together the whole egg, the egg
9. yolk, milk and vanilla extract in a measuring cup.
10. Reduce the mixer speed and slowly add the egg
11. mixture. Mix until thoroughly combined,
12. about 30 seconds.
13. Using the paper plate as a slide, gradually integrate
14. the dry ingredients, stopping a couple of times to
15. scrape down the sides of the bowl. Once the flour is
16. worked in, drop the speed to "stir" and add the
17. chocolate chips. Chill the dough for 1 hour.
18. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and place
19. racks in the top third and bottom third of the oven.
20. Scoop the dough into 1 1/2-ounce portions onto
21. parchment-lined half sheet pans, 6 cookies per
22. sheet. Bake 2 sheets at a time for 15 minutes,
23. rotating the pans halfway through. Remove from
24. the oven, slide the parchment with the cookies
25. onto a cooling rack and wait at least 5 minutes before devouring.
26. Notes
27. The darker the sugar you use, the chewier your cookies will be.

### Source
<a href="http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/alton-brown/the-chewy-recipe/index.html" target="new">http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/alton-brown/the-chewy-recipe/index.html</a>
